SCRIPT

I'm glad we could come to an agreement. 
I think you will find this a most agreeable way to repay your debt to us.
Especially considering the ... alternatives.
We'll need as much biomaterial as you can gather.
We're not sure what we're looking for exactly.
Our agents know it's somewhere in this system.
It's very rich with primordial life.
The thing we're seeking could be something very unexpected.
So get a bit of everything.
You've got a limited number of return pods, so make them count.
Fill them with good stuff.
Or we'll have to ... activate your ... "chastity belt".
Make sure to use the processor to maximize the amount of material you can fit into each pod.
We've saved a lot of money-err, energy by utilizing this ... effecient ... one-way communication system.
If you run into any problems, send us a note on the return pod.
Your jumper can run on a number of rare minerals, when processed correctly with the harvester.
It doesn't travel too far.
We had to make sure you couldn't ... go ... anywhere.
Just protecting our investment, of course.
To get to a neighboring moon, your best bet is to cross the void when the chasm is most narrow.
When their orbits align.
If you can't source the minerals, you can try using the extractor.
Don't overwork your tools.
These tools are top tier, very expensive.
We've possibly paid more for them than we've lost because of you.
If anything breaks ... I'm not sure what we can do for you.
It's just simple mathematics.
The cost of our investment.
The cost of replacing specialized equipment.


vehicles
	jumper gets you to another moon
		like one of those undersea mini propeller things that you hold onto and it pulls you

contract
	"chastity belt" is a remote destruction device attached to your person
	it must be activated by a homing drone? chases you?
		maybe this is part of completing the game? evade the drone, then use it to escape?
	no matter what you send, they are unsatisfied?

desolation
	don't run out of fuel
	don't burn out your harvester
	overheating / overuse of tools
	gather enough fuel and be ready to leave before the next moon comes by or you'll be trapped in a hundred year orbit
		don't miss yr chance
		forced to a desperate leap

communication
	homing pods
		biomass gets loaded into these 
		launched back home when full
		outgoing communications are loaded onto these?
		each pod you send goes out with a lonely correspondance?

minerals
	glowy or lens flare tiny pyramids
	irregular crystals
	harvester to process
		can be damaged by weird acid, radioactivity, creeping vines
		mechanical or animal? healing?
	radioactive, damaging
	can be corrupted by creeping slime, plants, munchers, etc

biostuff
	weird egg - huge spherical egg
	egg cluster - frog egg style
	jelly creeper
	toadstool bark
	floating algae sheet, like a tattered cloth on the wind
	"exotics" - vibrating neon rainbow jittering shape
	tumble-wad

hazards
	weird acid
	lashing vines
	quicksand / bog
	poison volcano ash stuff
	geyser
	pit
	radioactivity
	light side of the moon is melting hot?
	nearing a wicked or poisonous moon that spews acrid stuff across the void or is radioactive